Hi {},

Hope all is well!

We would like to know your interest in covering a feature around ‘Decorating your home in a post-COVID world – the antimicrobial materials you need’. 

The team has compiled a feature around the best anti-bacterial furniture which are now available in the market to look at during the time of Covid. 

Over the long term, society as a whole will begin to understand the impact of hygiene on the spread of diseases. This collective acknowledgement, and a desire for cleanliness and safety, will filter down to every aspect of our lives. And as this new normal works its way into the interiors of our homes, we will make every effort to build a safe domestic environment for our loved ones and ourselves.

Kindly let us know your interest in covering the same.


‘Decorating your home in a post-COVID world – the antimicrobial materials you need’

This year has marked a turning point in all of our lives as we come to terms with living with COVID-19. While the initial impact of the pandemic was immediately obvious – social distancing, lockdowns, and facemasks – we’ve only just begun to realise the other, more permanent, ways in which our lives will change. 

Over the long term, society as a whole will begin to understand the impact of hygiene on the spread of diseases. This collective acknowledgement, and a desire for cleanliness and safety, will filter down to every aspect of our lives. And as this new normal works its way into the interiors of our homes, we will make every effort to build a safe domestic environment for our loved ones and ourselves.

So whether you’re planning on building your dream home or renovating a single room in your house, here are some of the best anti-bacterial furniture options to look at:

    Stylam’s TouchMe Anti Finger Print Laminate

The most frequently interacted-with spaces in a home are the various countertops and surfaces dotted around the space. Countertops, cabinets, tabletops, and kitchen cladding – you name it, and you’ve probably brushed against it, leant on it, or even just run your fingers along with it multiple times in a day. 

Stylam’s TouchMe Anti Finger Print Laminate keeps you safe throughout with its thermal healing capability and antimicrobial surface protection. Its matte finish and soft-to-touch feel also result in a premium look and easy maintenance. The TouchMe line’s unique design also guarantees that no matter how many times a surface is touched or scratched, no trace remains. This preserves the laminate from looking old or disintegrating, eliminates unwanted odours and stains, and reduces the frequency with which it must be cleaned. 

    Asian Paints’ Royale Health Shield 

The COVID-19 pandemic has led Asian Paints to develop a revolutionary indoor anti-bacterial paint, the Royale Health Shield. Equipped with silver ion technology - which kills 99 percent of infection-causing bacteria on painted surfaces – this paint has been proven to have 99 percent efficacy against the coronavirus within thirty minutes of exposure. These impressive figures have been validated by a study conducted by the Rajiv Gandhi Centre for Biotechnology, a Government of India recognised laboratory. 

The Royale Health Shield’s adherence to strict international environmental and safety standards also means that it is of harmful materials such as carcinogens, mutagens, or reproductive toxins, providing a hygienic domestic environment. 

    Dorset Safe Touch 

 Although the last six months have taught us how to be more mindful of what we touch when outside, there are certain items we simply can’t avoid handling. The most obvious example of this is door handles – try as we might, everyone ultimately ends up touching them. Naturally, this makes them the ideal breeding ground for a whole host of harmful bacteria, especially if there are a large number of people entering and exiting touching the same handle throughout the day.  

The Dorset Safe Touch range solves this issue by providing its hardware with an imperceptible anti-microbial and anti-bacterial coating. Using proven silver-based technology, Safe Touch prevents the spread of bacteria and other microbes. These products are also effective against a wide array of bacteria, mould, fungi, algae and mildew, and provide protection against E. coli, SARS, MSRA, Salmonella, Listeria, C. difficile and various other bacterial spores.

    Kajaria Ceramics’ E-Shield Tiles

Kajaria’s E-Shield range of tiles is a first-of-its-kind product, made from a special glaze that has undergone an anti-microbial treatment. Made of materials including magnesium, zinc, and silver, the specially formulated anti-microbial glaze kills more than 99 percent of germs and bacteria and inhibits the growth of fungus and many other microbes. This is achieved through nanoparticles in the glaze which adversely impact the cellular growth and multiplication of harmful particles, ultimately preventing odours, infection, sores, and itchiness.


Look ahead to your kind response.

-- 

Regards,
Anshuma Sharma
Media Mic
09315819363
www.mediamic.in
